README.md, before:

# Discord Trade Activity Bot

## Pre Reqs
1. Create a TDA developer account here https://developer.tdameritrade.com/ and make a new app with a callback url of "http://localhost:8080/" and take note of the "Consumer Key" this is the api key you will give this script
2. Create webhook in the discord text channel you want to use by going to the text channels settings -> Integrations -> Webhooks -> New Webhook then copy the URL

## How To Run From Source
1. In Terminal Run: `pip3 install -r requirements.txt`
2. In Terminal Run: `python main.py`
3. Enter TDA Account ID and Webhook URL
4. Done! You can shut down the bot at anytime when you don't need it and to restart it repeat step #3

## How to Run From EXE (Generated Using Auto-Py-To-Exe)
1. Extract TradeNotifierBot.zip and click main.exe, you can also right click this send to desktop to make a shortcut for it
2. Done! You can shut down the bot at anytime when you don't need it and to restart it repeat step #1

Note: Config is saved in userData folder. To change webhook url and TDA account ID delete the savedconfig file

Commit message:

Move exe verion to releases

README.md, after:

# Discord Trade Activity Bot

## Pre Reqs
1. Create a TDA developer account here https://developer.tdameritrade.com/ and make a new app with a callback url of "http://localhost:8080/" and take note of the "Consumer Key" this is the api key you will give this script
2. Create webhook in the discord text channel you want to use by going to the text channels settings -> Integrations -> Webhooks -> New Webhook then copy the URL

## How To Run From Source
1. In Terminal Run: `pip3 install -r requirements.txt`
2. In Terminal Run: `python main.py`
3. Enter TDA Account ID and Webhook URL
4. Done! You can shut down the bot at anytime when you don't need it and to restart it repeat step #3

## How to Run From EXE (Generated Using Auto-Py-To-Exe)
1. Download and Extract TradeNotifierBot.zip from the releases section and click main.exe, you can also right click this send to desktop to make a shortcut for it
2. Done! You can shut down the bot at anytime when you don't need it and to restart it repeat step #1

Note: Config is saved in userData folder. To change webhook url and TDA account ID delete the savedconfig file
